Overall review of SDK docs 4.0.0 - closes #760 (#761)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/references/lisk-commander/commands.adoc

== Account

All available commands relating to Lisk accounts are covered here.
[[create_account]]
=== Create account

> This returns a randomly-generated mnemonic passphrase with its corresponding public/private key pair and Lisk address as shown in the code snippet below:

Author: As agreed, I have removed all instances of ''code snippet below'' 👍

== Network identifier

> This command displays the Network identifier based on the payloadhash of the xref:{url_guides_config_genesis_block}[genesis block] of the network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command displays the network identifier based on the payload hash of the xref:{url_guides_config_genesis_block}[genesis block] of the network.
```

> The Network identifier needs to be provided everytime a transaction is signed, which ensures that the transaction can only be broadcast in the dedicated network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The network identifier needs to be provided every time a transaction is signed, which ensures that the transaction can only be broadcast in the dedicated network.
```
